API reference refactor (#14372)
apache/druid: docs/api-reference/supervisor-api.md

---
id: supervisor-api
title: Supervisor API
sidebar_label: Supervisor
---

<!--
  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
  -->

> > This document describes the API endpoints for managing and monitoring supervisors, including information retrieval and life cycle management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the API endpoints to manage and monitor supervisors for Apache Druid.
```
